New cli commands (#914)
WICG/webpackage: js/sign/README.md

example in `--baseURL` when creating a web bundle with
[wbn CLI tool](https://github.com/WICG/webpackage/tree/main/js/bundle#cli).

## Generating Keys

### Ed25519 (recommended)

An unencrypted ed25519 private key can be generated with:

```
openssl genpkey -algorithm Ed25519 -out ed25519key.pem
```

**Note**: Although both are key types are secure, 
we recommend using ed25519 as it is cosidered slightly more secure than ecdsa-p256.

> The ecdsa algorithm, in opposite to deterimistic ed25519, is relying on strength of pseudo-random generator.

Reviewer: Nit: I think it would explain the point better like this

```suggestion
**Note**: We recommend using Ed25519, as it is considered more secure than ECDSA P-256. Unlike ECDSA, which relies on a pseudo-random number generator and is vulnerable to entropy-related flaws, Ed25519 is deterministic and remains secure even if the system's random number generator is compromised.
```

Author: Thanks, I really like your formulation. It is applied.
